add notebook for colab (#371)
alibaba/pipcook: docs/zh-cn/tutorials/component-object-detection.md

# 识别图片中的前端组件

> 使用 **Google Colab Notebook** 的免费GPU训练: <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/alibaba/pipcook/blob/master/notebooks/pipcook_object_detection.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
使用 **Google Colab Notebook** 的免费 GPU/TPU 训练: <a href="https://colab.research.google.com/github/alibaba/pipcook/blob/master/notebooks/pipcook_object_detection.ipynb"><img src="https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg" alt="Open In Colab"></a>
```

Author: done
